README.md, before:

# Look, no UI!

Many programs don't require a sophisiticated UI.

This project provides a super simple Kotlin console API -- and a bunch of implementaitons for various platforms -- including Web, Android, iOS and a "plain" command line.

```
interface Konsole {
    fun write(s: String)
    suspend fun read(): String
}
```

The goal is to make it super easy to write simple Kotlin programs that run on all platforms and look "ok" utilizing a chat-like appearence. 

Of course a console API is not the "right" interface for everything, but it might be a good starting point to test
out an idea or to demonstrate a programming concept withou investing heavily into UI development. And there are 
modern applications for this kind of dialog interface, for instance assistant plugins or chat bots.

Currently the shared folder contains a bunch of demo apps (so far mostly based on Basic programs from the 101 book). 

The demos can be seen in action here: https://kobjects.org/konsole/demo/

The reason that the demos are included in the shared folder (opposed to a separate demo module) is a problem with iOS module organization and hopefully 
this can be fixed soon.

Commit message:

Migrate to cross-platform jetpack compose

README.md, after:

# Look, no UI!

Many programs don't require a sophisticated UI.

This project provides a super simple Kotlin console API -- and simple console- and compose-based
implementations for Web, Android, iOS and desktop/JVM.

```
open class Konsole {
    open fun println(message: Any? = "")
    open fun readln(label: String? = null, callback: (String) -> Unit)
    suspend fun readln(label: String? = null): String  // Implemented based on the callback variant
}
```

The goal is to make it super easy to write simple Kotlin programs that run on all platforms and look
"ok" utilizing a chat-like appearance. 

Of course a console API is not the "right" interface for everything, but it might be a good starting
point to test out an idea or to demonstrate a programming concept without investing heavily into UI
development. And there are modern applications using this kind of dialog interface, for instance 
assistant plugins or chat bots.

## Gradle targets for running the demos

`:composeApp:run` -- run the "Desktop" demo as a compose GUI app

`-q --console=plain :demo:jvmRun` -- run the JVM command line demo

`:composeApp:wasmJsBrowserDevelopmentRun` -- run the compose browser demo
